## Polybot, the polygot Discord bot
 # The Story
 In May of 2023, I graduated from Arizona State University. Days later I was on a flight. Two days later, another flight. And another flight. Until finally, I touched down in Dubrovnik, Croatia. For the next 67 days, I backpacked across Europe, visiting a total of twelve countries. 

 Almost every single person I met in hostels spoke English and spoke it well. One morning in Poland, however, I was woken from a half-night of sleep by two of my roomates having a conversation in a language I did not recognize. I was a bit annoyed by the noise, but that's mostly a result of the four hours of sleep I had the throughout the night. Eventually, one of my roommates left, and the room returned to a state of near silence. But it was bright as day inside the room, so there was no way I was going back to sleep. I scrolled on my phone for a bit wearing nothing but underwear, covered by only the sheets provided by the hostel. 

 Immersed in my phone, I hardly noticed the young woman in the bed across from me trying to start a conversation. When I finally looked up from my phone, I saw her offering me some food to have for breakfast. Somehow, she communicated to me that she was from Ukraine, and using Google Translate, she told me the food I was eating is smoked lard, a popular dish in Ukraine. Despite not being able to communicate, I could tell that she was a very kind person.

 For the next hour we talked. But we didn't talk. We communicated through passing her phone back and forth and typing our responses into google translate. A slow, tedious process which limited the extent to which we could express our thoughts and emotions. As most travelers do, we exchanged Instagram usernames before setting out for the day. Later, she would text me on Instagram, all in Ukrainian. Communication on Instagram proved to be a lengthy process. First, I had to copy the original Ukrainian message from Instagram. Next, I had to switch apps and past the message into Google Translate, allowing me to read what she had said. Then, I had to type my response into Google Translate. Finally, I would copy the Ukrainian output from Google Translate and paste it back into Instagram. I had to do this countless times, for each individual message. 

 I thought to myself, surely a software solution exists that allows direct translation of messages, allowing me to skip the middle man. However, after a few brief minutes of research, I gave up. When I arrived back in the US, I decided that I could be the one to create a solution to this problem I had. I required something that allowed two people to communicate without sharing a common language. This solution could not be a new application because believe me, travelers already have too many apps on their phone, and requiring each party to install an additional app for messaging would never work. Additionally, the interface of the solution would have to transcend languages. This means avoiding text in commands and using symbols that work across languages and cultures. 

 I chose to create Polybot, a polygot Discord bot, first on discord for a few reasons. Discord is a huge multi-national messaging platform with over 150 million users, 79% of which are not in the US. This means there is a high chance that Discord is an application that many travelers are already using. Secondly, I had watched my programmer friends in the past create Discord bots, so I knew much of the functionality I needed was possible in Discord. In the future, it is my goal to create a version of Polybot that can interface with WhatsApp, an app that almost every traveler should already have. 
